[FEATURE] Update backend module registration and API (#1711)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/BackendModule/ToplevelModules.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. index:: Backend modules; Toplevel

.. _backend-modules-toplevel-module:

================
Toplevel modules
================

The following toplevel modules are provided by the Core:

`web`: Web
   All modules requiring a page tree by default. These modules are mostly used
   to manage content that should be displayed in the frontend.

`site`: Site Management
   Settings for the complete site such as redirects and site settings.

`file`: File
   All modules requiring a file system tree such as modules dealing with file
   metadata, uploading etc.

`tools`: Admin Tools
   By convention modules in this toplevel section should only be

>    available for admins with system-maintainer rights. Therefore the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   available for admins with system maintainer rights. Therefore the
```

   configuration array of a module displayed here should always have the
   following key-value pair: :php:`'access' => 'systemMaintainer'`.

>    In this toplevel section modules that deal with installing, updating the Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this toplevel section modules that deal with installing and updating the Core
```

>    and extensions. System-wide settings are also found here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and extensions are available. System-wide settings are also found here.
```

`system`: System

>    By convention modules in this toplevel section should only be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By convention, modules in this toplevel section should only be
```

>    available for admins. Therefore the configuration array of a module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   accessible by admins. Therefore the configuration array of a module
```

   displayed here should always have the following key-value pair:
   :php:`'access' => 'admin'`.

   In this toplevel section modules are situated that deal with backend user
   rights or might reveal security relevant data.

Register a custom toplevel module
==================================

> Toplevel modules like "Web" or "File" are registered in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toplevel modules like :guilabel:`Web` or :guilabel:`File` are registered in the
```
